I just bought a whole bunch of really
cute socks for my cute daughter my
far-off distant cute daughter
I told home fight she'd go through the
whole pile of socks if I was gonna put
these in a package and say oh look at
that robot
oh yeah it's cute some of them are more
girly than others don't get me wrong
yeah this one has little ears this brand
is made in Taiwan I think all of these
are made in Taiwan not made in communist
gym but the little ears on top various
sorts of animals and funny patterns and
pictures I'm gonna put that in a box
other more expensive gifts I'm gonna do
the 21st century thing and order on the
internet and have shipped to her
directly but you know there's a concern
there's a real cloud hanging over this
whole question of whether or not my
daughter will ever see these gifts
whether or not she will ever be able to
play with them because to my knowledge
and this isn't a problem for several
years now my ex-wife seems to be making
an effort to delete me from my
daughter's life she seems to be making
an effort to separate my daughter from
gifts that I've given her in the past we
talked about this with my daughter over
several trips I'll let you hear my
daughter's voice in the matter with the
toys
so she'll let you play with the toys
that Lulu gives you and she lets you
play with toys that maybe nicola gives
you so also she tries to give them back
to me it doesn't make sense you know the
big house made of plastic that's what
you call but you know the cuddly toys
that give you like if I give you these
cuddly toys you won't be able to play
with them all right so I had several
conversations with my daughter about
this over several years and you heard
her they're proposing the idea that
maybe the toys are being taken away for
ecological reasons because she shouldn't
be playing with plastic we were there
surrounded by these piles and piles of
toys for a period about two years most
of the toys I gave where I gave to her
in person and then she basically never
saw them again and one of the toys that
was mentioned at the big dollhouse there
was a little bit of an epic story about
where she told me that her mother took
this away and she fought a battle with
her mother to try to get the toy back
because she loved that dollhouse so much
she had a bunch of matching toys that
she could play with in that dollhouse so
where she was throwing with her
to keep some of the toys that she
remembered from her time with me and
some of the toys you know like they kind
of came up conversation it was like well
why did you never see that toy again
after we can give that to you you know
sometimes like a year earlier or
something why did it disappear and then
this is ultimately the kind of
explanation that I get from her now
there is a footnote here sometimes
little kids lie to you intentionally and
sometimes little kids make up stories
that aren't really alive but also aren't
really true there was one trip we had
with my daughter
where we gave her chocolate-covered
bananas twice so during the whole
vacation she twice had a child covered
banana were vegan so the chocolate had
no dairy in it says a nice vegan treat
you can give a kid and also it's mostly
banana it's this thin layer of chocolate
pretty healthy as kids desserts go and
when she went back to her mom's place
when she went back to see my ex-wife she
told she told her mom's crown Finley oh
you know when I'm with my dad I get to
eat chocolate-covered bananas every day
and that's actually added twice so kids
will lie that way this particular kid my
daughter she will lie in a self-serving
way like this she'll lie when it's so
that she can have a chocolate banana
she'll lie and tell you that she brushed
her teeth what no no she'll tell you
that she will brush her teeth and then
she won't do it she never lied to me
past tense about already having brushed
her teeth so you know it's possible that
these are lives but I've got to tell you
having talked about with my daughter for
a long time I'm sorry to say my
impression is that my ex-wife is not
letting my daughter play with any toys
that remind her of me that bring up my
name the last time we saw my daughter
she was explaining to us that her mom
was trying to force her to use a
different name a different first name
and also a different last name her mom
was trying to coach her that she was
starting a new life with a new father
and she was also trying to coach my
daughter into adopting a new nationality
she was telling my daughter that she was
going to become Bulgarian with this
Bulgarian name the name sounds the same
as a Russian name in case you're using
your imagination here but both the
different first
and a different last name and a new
father and a nationality so some of you
might remember I had a video with my
daughter talking to her about her Jewish
heritage
she has Jewish heritage on both sides
guys in case you didn't know I am half
Jewish
my ex-wife is also half Jewish so the
daughter we had together do the math he
is also half Jewish and it was like look
kid you've been born with a whole lot of
advantages in life being Bulgarian is
not one of them and when you get to
Bulgaria when you start living under
this Bulgarian name in a Bulgarian place
one of the biggest issues is going to be
anti-semitism because Bulgaria is an
intensely anti-semitic country and you
know people they are not gonna regard or
embrace my daughter as Bulgarian indeed
my daughter would probably have an
easier time being embraced by the North
African community as North African even
though she is only to a tiny extent well
he has a tiny percentage of North
African ancestry still still very very
warm very accepting communities at or
there they're desperate to identify
people as sharing their line or sharing
the restoral struggle anyway that's
that's been my experience is that people
are very eager to identify her as as
African on the basis of that tiny tiny
bit of bit of our ancestry but hey maybe
hey I wouldn't mind if you were getting
back in touch with their African roots
how this Bulgarian roots thing is gonna
work out I don't know look guys I got
sympathy for the devil I have sympathy
for the other side of this equation I
imagine my ex-wife's life as really
being quite a difficult struggle and
it's so difficult because she made
decisions that made it difficult for her
herself when we split up I was willing
to live anywhere in the world to do
co-parenting I could have lived in
Europe I could have lived here in Asia I
could have lived in North America my
ex-wife is a citizen of the United
States of America and the time we split
up the plan was that we would both
continue studying Chinese that I would
learn Chinese my ex-wife would continue
to improve her Chinese my ex-wife was
most likely gonna move to either New
York or Seattle if my ex-wife lived in
New York then I would live just up the
road in Montreal you may not know that's
it's very quick to get back and forth
New York if my ex-wife had moved to
Seattle which she favored she liked the
idea of living in the Pacific Northwest
if she moved to Seattle or somewhere
thereabouts I would live in Victoria
British Columbia Canada which is where I
ended up living right the idea being I
would be not too close and not too far
away and we could do as much
co-parenting or as little as she was
comfortable with my ex-wife had a PhD
okay from an elite University in Europe
she had an academic career ahead of her
if she wanted it and she could have
really used someone even if it was just
as a babysitter to come in and take the
share of co-parenting to help
financially yes but above all else in
terms of labor and help me to raise the
kid my ex-wife slammed the door
resolutely against every plan she has a
new husband now she has a new baby with
that husband now she is probably saying
and doing all kinds of things to try to
satisfy that new husband including
assuring him that she's gonna raise her
first kid my daughter with a Bulgarian
name and a Bulgarian identity and that
they're gonna get rid of all the toys
that I gave her and that remind her of
me you know what I can I can sympathize
I can say that she is making the wrong
decision while recognizing that it was
within her rights to make that decision
but I just make this video now
reflecting it puts me in a very sad
situation every time I send my daughter
presents with the awareness that most
likely my daughter will never see those
presents at all or she'll see them once
and then they'll disappear and moreover
that my ex-wife is actively engaged in a
project to delete the memory of me from
my daughter's life to delete my identity
from hers well guess what it won't work
kids grow up and my daughter is simply
too smart for that and it
doesn't matter if she figures it out
when she's 12 years old or when she's 14
years old or when she's 16 years old and
it doesn't even matter if I get hit by a
bus and die tomorrow because this
YouTube channel is gonna be here for her
to discover and guess what she's gonna
figure out who did what
divorce she's gonna figure out her real
identity who a real father is and I have
to focus my energy on making the
positive change the pause the difference
that I can in the world cuz I don't want
to be somebody that she's gonna be
ashamed to discover was her father I
hope that she's gonna be excited and
interested and proud when she finds out
that I'm her father she certainly got a
lot of advantages she's inherited from
my side of the family the resemblance
between us is all the more striking
because I've spent so little time with
her I only get to see her when the
French court system forces my ex-wife to
levy a fit out there so it's not like
she's picking up you know my mannerisms
or something for spending time with me
all right that kid has inherited a lot
of her qualities for me and she'll be
able to recognize that herself and you
know what the story my ex-wife is
telling her she's my ex-wife is only
putting herself in a situation where it
is inevitable that that this kid is
gonna rebel against her and this kid is
gonna resent having been deprived of the
love and attention and time and care of
a father who really didn't want to spend
that quality time with her someone who
wanted to spend that time be part of her
life and be co-parenting and be involved
in her life from the first day until the
last day so yep it's my ex-wife's
decision to make and I'm in a position
to tell you she's making the wrong
decision if you're watching this on
socks are in the mail